Add description for DB_ALL_NAMES env var for collector settings (#198)
pganalyze/pganalyze-docs: collector/settings.mdx

      <td>[none]</td>
      <td>Alternative to above, using actual contents of the key</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td><code>DB_ALL_NAMES</code></td>
      <td>false</td>
      <td>Alternative to setting <code>*</code> at the last entry of db_name (<code>DB_NAME</code>),

>       monitoring all databases on server. Can be only set using an environment variable.<br />

Reviewer: "Can be only set" => "Can only be set"

Paging @msakrejda to confirm that this rewording would be more correct.

>       <td>Alternative to setting <code>*</code> at the last entry of db_name (<code>DB_NAME</code>),
>       monitoring all databases on server. Can be only set using an environment variable.<br />

Reviewer 2: +1 on the updated wording, and a few more suggestions:

```suggestion
      <td>Alternative to setting <code>*</code> as the last entry of db_name (<code>DB_NAME</code>) to
      monitor all databases on the server. Can only be set using an environment variable.<br />
```

I think we left this undocumented intentionally because the wildcard syntax came later, but the use case you describe below seems reasonable, so no objection to adding this to the docs.
